# About me
My name is Duckweed.

*I am a web3 enthusiast.*
# What is this
I wrote this note for three purposes.
+ Record my learning journey
+ Summarize my past
+ An outlook on my future
## Summary 
Looking back on my 19 year career, apart from kindergarten, I spent 12 years studying, from elementary school to junior high school to high school, forming the starting stage of my life. During these 12 years, I successfully completed the starting stage of my life, and there are no deep memories in my memory. After following the steps of these 12 years, although there were no major achievements, I grew up smoothly, I think having a healthy body, a good personality, and a smart mind is enough. **Written on July 28, 2023**

When I came to an ordinary university, I believe that the significance of university is no longer the traditional meaning of studying seriously. Previously, all I needed was to study seriously and have clear goals, such as getting into a good high school or university. However, when I arrived at university, I suddenly realized that my goals were lost and fell into a state of confusion. At the age of about 20, I need to do something for my next decade, for my life.

From September 2022 to July 2023, I completed my first year of university. Looking back on receiving the admission letter in August last year, I was so excited. Despite not starting school on time due to the pandemic, my excitement continued. In the first semester of my freshman year, the school started in mid October and not only started late but also had an early vacation. After only staying at school for two months, I returned home. During these two months, I mistakenly participated in the nucleic acid volunteer program and received recognition from the school. When I received the recognition certificate, my heart was still very excited. This was my first certificate, and I also successfully passed the College English Test Band 4 without any failure, I also received a school level scholarship, and my freshman year ended successfully before the long winter break. The only regret was that I gave up the school's Cyberspace laboratory for a ridiculous reason, perhaps not for that reason. Anyway, I gave up. The school year started as scheduled. I participated in the performance matrix of the Sports day. Although the training was very hard, it was also very cool. There were also volunteers for the Chengdu Universiade, but I did not pass the interview and did not get the opportunity to participate. I also participated in a Chenyi Cup football match. Last semester, I participated in a student community League cup. This semester, I participated in the CET-6 exam, and the results were still not come out, but the probability was that I did not pass, This semester has been completed safely and smoothly. It's summer vacation now, and there's still one month left to start my sophomore year. Perhaps my freshman year has passed, but there are still plans ahead. I hope to plan my life for the next year well this month. **Written on July 29th, 2023**
